$(User): Represents the user's display name. It can be replaced with the actual user's display name.
$(User.Level): Represents the user's level. It can be replaced with a specific level, such as "250".
$(Title): Represents the title of the channel. It can be replaced with the actual channel's title.
$(Channel): Represents the name of the channel. It can be replaced with the actual channel's name.
$(Channel.Viewers): Represents the number of viewers in the channel. It can be replaced with a specific number, such as "234".
For the "youtube" case:

$(livestreamstatus): Represents the live stream status. It can be replaced with the actual live stream status.
$(concurrentviewers): Represents the number of concurrent viewers. It can be replaced with the actual number of concurrent viewers.
$(livechatid): Represents the ID of the live chat. It can be replaced with the actual live chat ID.
$(livestreamid): Represents the ID of the live stream. It can be replaced with the actual live stream ID.
$(title): Represents the title of the video. It can be replaced with the actual video title.
$(description): Represents the description of the video. It can be replaced with the actual video description.
$(channelid): Represents the ID of the YouTube channel. It can be replaced with the actual channel ID.
$(publisheddate): Represents the published date of the video. It can be replaced with the actual published date.
$(scheduledstarttime): Represents the scheduled start time of the video. It can be replaced with the actual scheduled start time.
$(actualstarttime): Represents the actual start time of the video. It can be replaced with the actual actual start time.
$(actualendtime): Represents the actual end time of the video. It can be replaced with the actual actual end time.
$(totalviews): Represents the total number of views of the video. It can be replaced with the actual total number of views.
$(likecount): Represents the number of likes on the video. It can be replaced with the actual number of likes.
$(dislikecount): Represents the number of dislikes on the video. It can be replaced with the actual number of dislikes.
$(commentcount): Represents the number of comments on the video. It can be replaced with the actual number of comments.
$(favoritecount): Represents the number of times the video has been favorited. It can be replaced with the actual number of favorites.
$(duration): Represents the duration of the video. It can be replaced with the actual video duration.
For the "twitch" case:

$(Followers): Represents the total number of followers for the Twitch channel. It can be replaced with the actual number of followers.
$(Subscriptions): Represents the number of subscriptions for the Twitch channel. It can be replaced with the actual number of subscriptions.
$(TotalViews): Represents the total number of video views for the Twitch channel. It can be replaced with the actual total number of views.
$(User): Represents the channel's user or streamer. It can be replaced with the actual channel's user or streamer.
$(Channel): Represents the name of the channel. It can be replaced with the actual channel's name.
$(Title): Represents the title of the channel. It can be replaced with the actual channel's title.
$(Channel.viewers): Represents the number of viewers in the channel. It can be replaced with a specific number.
$(Sender): Represents the sender of a message. It can be replaced with the actual sender.
$(Sender.Points): Represents the points of the sender. It can be replaced with the actual points of the sender.
$(StreamUpTime): Represents the uptime or length of the stream. It can be replaced with the actual stream uptime.